Have him
Enough
Everything has been decided.
Who dares to be meaningful again?
Is self-destruction
Dedication ends here
It's all gone
Fox fake tiger power
I see how you end up
Chen Bufan, since you have clearly rejected the empress's kindness
It's about giving up everything you have.
I'll see what you fight me with
I already told you
Whether it is the position of the head of the Chen family
Or the hereditary Hou Jiumei of Zhongshan
I'm not interested.
I have a leg problem.
Do not forget
Just being able to reject the desolation of Xuanwu Minister
Not everyone can compare to you
Hey Lin Han
I only have you now.
For the sake of our three years as husband and wife
Can you give me another chance?
Although Ye Lin is still a village
But also hard work
Something is better than nothing
Gu Shichen, are you sick?
It's time to make a simp
Shut up if you hadn't seduced me
Can I be fooled by money and power?
Okay, let's go.
Are you ashamed?
Li Hai, I saved you back then
I swear to be good to you for the rest of my life
Now I know I was wrong
Have we been in love for three years?
Can't it compare to the two days you spent with this Chen Dashao?